(DOCSP-31393) Add docs release notes for w/e July 21 (#2905)
mongodb/docs-realm: docs-release-notes.md

# July 21, 2023

## Flutter SDK

- Realm Database/Model Data/Relationships: Update `graphql` dependency and clarify how backlinks work with unmanaged objects
- Realm Database/Manage Realm Files/Encrypt a Realm: Note that the Flutter SDK supports multi-process encrypted realm access

## Java SDK

- Realm Files/Encrypt a Realm: Note that the Java SDK supports multi-process encrypted realm access

## Kotlin SDK

> - Landing Page: Update prefix URLs for `kotlin-sync-prefix` and `kotlin-local-prefix`

Reviewer: I'd probably categorize this as an internal update since it only affects how snooty builds the API ref links

- Realm/Read & Write Data/Read: Parametrize RQL queries
- Sync Device Data/Write to a Synced Realm: Add information on how to write data to a synced realm and on `compensatingWriteError`

## .NET SDK 
-  Add that the .NET SDK is compatible with Avalonia on the following pages:
  - Landing Page
  - Install Realm
  - Model Data/Data Binding

## Node.js SDK

- CRUD/Read: Parametrize RQL queries
- CRUD/ Query Data: Parametrize RQL queries
- Internal: Fix Node.js bluehawking script for the updated test suite 

# React Native SDK
- Remove angle brackets from provider references throughout the SDK pages to prevent confusion with placeholder variables

## Swift SDK

> - For the following pages, add section on supported operating systems, highlighting that the Swift SDK does not support connecting to an App Services App from watchOS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the following pages, add section on supported operating systems to highlight that the Swift SDK does not support connecting to an App Services App from watchOS:
```

  - Application Services
  - Application Services/Connect to an App Services App
  - Sync Data

> - SwiftUI/Model Data/Configure and Open a Realm: Add tips for migrating to flexible sync 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SwiftUI/Model Data/Configure and Open a Realm: Add tips for migrating to Flexible Sync 
```
multiple tips were added?

> - SwiftUI/Model Data/Pass Realm Data Between Views: Add tips for migrating to flexible sync 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SwiftUI/Model Data/Pass Realm Data Between Views: Add tips for migrating to Flexible Sync
```
multiple tips were added?

> - Sync Data: Remove PBS info, link out to new PBS page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sync Data: Remove Partition-Based Sync (PBS) content, link out to new PBS page
```

> - Sync Data/Partition-Based Sync: New page with Configure/Open content, Progress Notifications (they only work on PBS), migration info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sync Data/Partition-Based Sync: New page with Configure/Open content, Progress Notifications (which only work on PBS), and migration information
```

- Sync Data/Configure & Open a Synced Realm: Remove PBS-only examples

> - Sync Data/Write to a Synced Realm:  Moved "Group Writes" information to this page 

Reviewer: might be overkill, but moved from where?
